Lessons learned section in report (#146)
Devops-2022-Group-R/itu-minitwit: report/sections/lessons-learned-perspective/operation-maintenance-evolution.tex

\subsection{Operation, maintenance and evolution}

\subsubsection{Initial refactoring}

At the start of the project, we hosted a large collaborative session, using Live Share \cite{tool:live-share} to let everyone see the same context of the workspace of one developer, allowing us to co-edit and co-debug the same code.

> In retrospect, perhaps it would have been better to commit a basic boilerplate Gin app, and then have each developer slowly commit more changes.

Reviewer: I'm not sure the reader just knows what "Gin" means

Having attempted a 1:1-translation, we ended up with one large file. This is where we started separating responsibilites, moving them to smaller files, as well as moving the front-end to a separate repo.

\subsubsection{Replacing database management systems}

At some point, we switched from SQLite to SQL Server. This could be done almost seamlessly due to the abstraction of our repository controllers, as described in section \ref{section:system-design}.

> This abstraction was introduced in PR \#21, particularly \href{https://github.com/Devops-2022-Group-R/itu-minitwit/pull/21/commits/96d0ea601453ff9d3efe52c30b2435c6308f120b}{\color{blue}this commit}.

Reviewer: We should avoid having links that can only be visited via PDF on a computer. Make this a source instead and provide the short commit hash in the text.

Reviewer: Also, the linked commit question is not the one we should be referring to. Refer to the one where we replace the database provider.

> \subsubsection{Uptime}

Reviewer: Talk about our SLA.

> Naturally, we aimed for 100\% uptime, as is the spirit of DevOps. Unfortunately, we did not quite live up to this spirit during the Easter break, where the service was down for several days, without any of us putting in the effort to get it running again.

Reviewer: We can phrase this a bit more positively.. XD
```suggestion
We aimed for 100\% uptime, as is the spirit of DevOps. Unfortunately, we did not quite live up to this DevOps spirit during the Easter break, where the service was down for several days, because we ran out of student credits on Azure. Most of us were busy, so we knowingly let the problem remain until the week after, which is not the DevOps mindset.
```

\subsubsection{Backwards compatibility in migrating URLs}

> When we moved to Kubernetes, we found out that we couldn't test Ingress on the \texttt{swuwu} domain, so we moved the name servers. To ensure backwards compatibility, every link we've used at some point still works.

Reviewer: Maybe highlight why this is would be a "problem": to make the simulator keep working, we would have to submit a PR to the lecture notes repo, but that would require someone to merge it - takes time, we need to coordinate etc. Instead, we just make it work on the new domain and make sure the old one doesnt break.

> Both of these root domains point to the same place:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both of these URL's point to the same place:
```

Reviewer: URLs 👀 no hypen

\begin{itemize}

>     \item \url{https://api.rhododevdron.dk/}
>     \item \url{https://api.rhododevdron.swuwu.dk/}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    \item \url{https://rhododevdron.dk/}
    \item \url{https://rhododevdron.swuwu.dk/}
```
OR: just change it to domains and to this
